WIP: Implement CRI stats collection (#7796)
cri-o/cri-o: docs/crio.conf.5.md

The `crio.stats` table specifies all necessary configuration for reporting container and pod stats.

**stats_collection_period**=0

>   The number of seconds between collecting pod and container stats. If set to 0, the stats are collected on-demand instead.**Deprecated:** this option will be removed in future versions in favor of `collection_period`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The number of seconds between collecting pod and container stats. If set to 0, the stats are collected on-demand instead. **DEPRECATED:** This option will be removed in the future. Please use `collection_period` instead.
```

**collection_period**=0
  The number of seconds between collecting pod/container stats and pod sandbox metrics. If set to 0, the metrics/stats are collected on-demand instead.

**included_pod_metrics**=[]

>   List of included pod metrics. Specify the names of the metrics to be included in this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A list of pod metrics to include. Specify the names of the metrics to include in this list.
```
